Tea Plains
Rolling hills of farming fields span the area that one walks through. There are rows upon rows of green leaves separated by a dirt road. The road is long and winding as it travels along to the Village of Tea, seemingly going on for miles. Amongst the fields are workers with baskets on their baskets from sunrise to sunset, throughout the year. There is a slight fork in the road, a sign posted where the two roads meet. One sign points to the West, pointing out the Tencha Temple, the other sign pointing to the North, pointing out the village entrance. 

Tencha Temple
 After turning to the west from the road to the village of tea, one would follow a dusty and rocky road towards an ornate building with what looks like to be three levels from the outside. Each level of roof flares out and then curves before pointing upward  to the sky. The closer one gets to the temple, the less tea fields appear. Instead of tea fields, there is a large sand area surrounding the temple with rocks placed in random spots, and a stone path leading to the temple itself and another stone path leading to the Shinto Shrine.
 The temple itself is painted a bright red and black on the trim, with gold lettering around the edges to denote it is the Tencha Temple. When one walks within the temple,one would notice that the inside is much smaller than it appears from the outside.There are many religious symbols, with a buddha in the center of the temple with candles surrounding it. The floor and walls are made of white marble that shine with a gleam as the sun hits it and reflects a person back at them.
Monks walk in and around the temple, seeming to take care of the temple itself. To the left of the temple is a small Shinto shrine for those to come and pray and give blessings, the building of the shrine painted a bright red with black trim and gold lettering on the top portion between two pillars. 

Village Gate
After the long trek to the village gate, one would notice the large looming doors that open to guide one inside. The wall itself is made of a grey stone that stands at about ten feet tall, that while imposing, it also seems welcoming to all who enter. The doors themselves never close, except under extreme circumstances. They are painted similar colors to the Tencha Temple, a lighter red and black. There are guards posted near the gates in case people get a little rowdy, but otherwise they mind their business, stopping people once and awhile to check their goods.

Village Center
The bustling streets of the Land of Tea lead into a large center. Many vendors surround the outside leading in, selling a variety of items ranging from jewelry to food. In the middle is a large fountain that is surrounded by benches for people to sit down and relax. The fountain is that of a woman, dressed in robes, holding a vase while water flows out of its mouth into the pool below. The buildings surrounding the center have a very traditional vibe, using stucco to cover the walls. The roofs come out and angle up slightly like traditional Japanese pagoda roofs. To the northeast is a building that looks more formal and intimidating than the rest of the village, it's height higher and the roofs much larger, showing its status as an aristocratic building.


Sayama Street
When one arrives on Sayama street from either the village center, the hot springs, or the two streets that intersect with it, one would notice the low tea fields that separate the buildings that line the streets. The buildings that line this street vary from vendor shops to restaurants, with homes built on top of the shops and restaurants, some tending to belong to the owners. A dirt road leads north, a wooden fence leading the way towards the hot springs.

Tranquility Hot Springs
After walking up the dirt trail, one would come to a very traditional, wooden building, that appears behind a wood arch that says “Tranquility Hot Springs”. Upon further inspection, one would notice the absence of tea fields around the area. A stone path leads up to the front door where the owner would greet all those who visit. Once inside, the one story building has a welcoming lobby for visitors to take off their shoes before going further in towards the changing rooms. The changing rooms have a combination of baskets and lockers for people to stash their clothing while they relax in one of the three pools outside. Once outside, the three pools steam with heat as they encourage visitors towards them. To the right is the pool for women only, to the left is the pool for men only, and in between the two is what many in the village label the “party pool” where both genders mix and mingle within. There is also an outside bar area that serves drinks of all kinds for all ages, usually served on a serving plate that floats in the water.

Jasmine Street
When one arrives on Jasmine street from either the village center, the hot springs, or the two streets that intersect with it, one would notice the low tea fields that separate the buildings that line the streets. The buildings that line this street vary from vendor shops to restaurants, with homes built on top of the shops and restaurants, some tending to belong to the owners. A dirt road leads north, a wooden fence leading the way towards the hot springs.

Oolong Bazaar


Shoumei Street
When one arrives on Shoumei street from either the village center, the hot springs, or the two streets that intersect with it, one would notice the low tea fields that separate the buildings that line the streets. The buildings that line this street vary from vendor shops to restaurants, with homes built on top of the shops and restaurants, some tending to belong to the owners. A dirt road leads north, a wooden fence leading the way towards the hot springs.

Infini-Tea House


Kohki Street
When one arrives on Kohki street from either the village center, the hot springs, or the two streets that intersect with it, one would notice the low tea fields that separate the buildings that line the streets. The buildings that line this street vary from vendor shops to restaurants, with homes built on top of the shops and restaurants, some tending to belong to the owners. A dirt road leads north, a wooden fence leading the way towards the hot springs.

Puri-Tea Gardens


Bancha Street
When one arrives on Sayama street from either the village center, the hot springs, or the two streets that intersect with it, one would notice the low tea fields that separate the buildings that line the streets. The buildings that line this street vary from vendor shops to restaurants, with homes built on top of the shops and restaurants, some tending to belong to the owners. A dirt road leads north, a wooden fence leading the way towards the hot springs.

Kona Restaurant
